Update documentation with external database configuration of 1.1.2 release (#70)
conduktor/conduktor-platform: doc/Configuration.md

`kafkaConnects.security.password` : Basic auth password

`labels` : (optional)

## External database configuration

> By default platform run with an internal embedded database.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quickstart purpose platform run with an internal embedded database (default).   
```

> But for production environmnents platform also support (from version [**1.1.2**](../README.md#112-20-10-2022)) external database configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production environmnents platform support (from version [**1.1.2**](../README.md#112-20-10-2022)) external database configuration. 
```
